mother Christmas is two weeks ago are
you ready for Christmas Guillermo yeah
Jess you have all your shopping done a
half way halfway done who do you still
have to buy for my wife and my son okay
that's your whole family right yeah
after this year I got my mom my grandma
my country yeah what what is Benji your
son what this year well he wants a new
iPad a new iPad are you gonna get that
for him
yeah yes of course okay all right and
will your mother-in-law be coming over
for Christmas this year
unfortunately yes you know the holidays
can be a stressful time when family
visits especially with this election
coming but help and dare I even say
Escape is on the way the holiday season
the most wonderful time of the year but
also the most stressful so you can come
family gatherings can bring out the
worst when you start to feel overwhelmed
don't reach for the liquor cabinet
head for the tree fort
the first Christmas tree with a secret
room in the center just climbing and
enjoy a place to hide gather your
thoughts and just be enjoy our calming
aromatherapy diffuser built-in phone
charging station and take a monster hit
from the Jingle Ball as the outside
world melts away the tree fort comes
with a secret periscope so you can see
if the coast is clear the tree fort only
89.95 it's out there box itself yeah
available and evergreens hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season by
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and drew it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
and if you don't support that you are a
box